Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey!
You've left this woman stuck.
What's up?
Come on!
There's not enough parking here.
Okay. well please find another spot.
All right. go. go. go.
Now. go. go.
Oh. Chivo. What number is this?
Elena… I need a favor.
Can it wait? I'm underwater
with Nick's housewarming.
I got arrested.
What?
I was with Luis. and--
Wait. Félix's Luis?
Are you kidding me?
Elena! I need you to get me
the fuck out of here.
Okay. I'll be there as soon as I can.
Bail is fifty thousand bucks.
Fifty thousand!
What the fuck did you do?
No. I can't.
Didn't Danny have a thing with this one?
Shit.
Give me a minute.
- Look. I know what you're going to say--
- You promised me.
I kept my promise.
I had nothing to do with it.
Then why is my brother in jail?
Look. Luis was short.
He brought Chivo along for a run.
He didn't check with me.
If it means anything.
Luis's been dealt with.
You know what would mean something?
Bail him out.
You don't have the money?
How much do you need?
Fifty thousand.
Fifty…
Thank you.
This is a loan.
It's bail.
You'll get it back.
What? You want to charge me interest?
No interest. No strings.
There's always strings.
Oh. how delicious. mamita.
Your skin is so soft.
So smooth.
Your pussy is so wet!
Like a 20-year-old!
More. more! You want more?
Aren't you going to say anything?
What do you want me to say?
You're a shit criminal.
Are you trying to get deported?
What do you expect me to do?
I'm not like you.
I can't just work for nothing!
Is that what you think I'm doing?
You pick up after rich people!
It's honest work.
Who do you think paid
for you to come here?
We came here to do better!
Are you really telling me
this is the best we can do?
This is it?
You mean my apartment?
The one you're living
in rent-free. asshole?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean--
You ungrateful little shit! I missed
work to bail your sorry ass out of jail!
Don't worry.
I'll get out of your way
so you can go clean some more toilets.
Fuck you. Chivo.
Hey! Where the fuck do you
think you're going?
Anywhere but here.
IDIOT
- I'm busy.
- Your boy is gone.
What!
Chivo! He flew the coop.
What are you talking about?
I'm in your apartment and he's gone.
What the fuck are you doing in my house?
Listen to me!
All of his stuff is gone!
He's skipping out!
Shit!
That's my bail money--
Son of a bitch!
If they don't have my fucking money…
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today